Update docs to cover "ELevating CentOS 7 to AlmaLinux 10" (#625)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/elevate/Changelog.md

## 2025-06-05
Released from Testing to Stable:

#### General updates

* Leapp data updated to [the latest upstream state](https://github.com/oamg/leapp-repository/commit/ffd6d8e456484630f99d98d5bff955914af02aa5).
* Leapp version updated to `0.22.0-3.elevate.1`.

#### PES data updates
* Add support for:
  * **AlmaLinux release 10.0**
  * **AlmaLinux Kitten release 10**
  * **CentOS Stream release 10**
* Install rpm public GPG key(s) into distro specific path
* Device driver deprecation data:
  * leapp-repository sha 9c621a91199c093f603ef30ba3daf59010c20e47
* PES data, `pes-events.json` leapp-repository sha ffd6d8e456484630f99d98d5bff955914af02aa5
  * updated 9to10 data
  * solve valgrind-docs, valgrind-scripts with valgrind package conflicts during 8to9 upgrade
* PES data, `config.json`:
  * add libreport-rhel-anaconda-bugzilla (except centos) to the removable packages list, with scenarios: 9to9, 9to10
  * add redhat-flatpak-repo, redhat-flatpak-preinstall-firefox, redhat-flatpak-preinstall-thunderbird to the removable packages list, with scenarios: 9to10

> #### Leapp code enhancements
> * Leapp code updated to [the latest upstream version](https://github.com/oamg/leapp-repository/commit/ffd6d8e456484630f99d98d5bff955914af02aa5).
> * Minor updates in generated reports
> * Resolves: RHEL-67621, RHEL-67719, RHEL-16881
> * Require leapp-framework >= 6.1
> * Simplified use of the LiveMode experimental feature with additional enhancements
> * Fix the check of deprecated PCI devices and drivers
> * Add RHEL 9.7 product certificates
> * Gracefully handle CentOS OS versioning style
> * Introduced the --enable-experimental-feature to simplify use of experimental features
> * Manage RPM GPG keys during the upgrade respecting used linux distributions
> * Minor fixes in reports
> * Prevent a crach during post-upgrade phases when no custom SELinux modules needs to be migrated
> * Update leapp upgrade data files
> * Resolves: RHEL-53801, RHEL-77945, RHEL-84978
> 
> #### Vendor-Specific Changes
> * Create symlinks of RHSM certs path like `prod-certs/VERSION_MAJOR -> prod-certs/VERSION_MAJOR.VERSION_MINOR`
> * Exclude CentOS packages public GPG keys
> * Correct the list of leapp and leapp-repository rpms, that should be preserved during the 9to10 upgrade
> * Exclude **Microsoft** Vendor from all upgrade paths
> * Add **EPEL**, **Docker CE** and **PostgreSQL** Vendors for 9to10 upgrade path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Leapp code enhancements
* Leapp code updated to [the latest upstream version](https://github.com/oamg/leapp-repository/commit/ffd6d8e456484630f99d98d5bff955914af02aa5).
* Minor updates in generated reports
* Resolves: RHEL-67621, RHEL-67719, RHEL-16881
* Requires leapp-framework >= 6.1
* Simplified use of the LiveMode experimental feature with additional enhancements
* Fixed the check of deprecated PCI devices and drivers
* Added RHEL 9.7 product certificates
* Gracefully handles CentOS OS versioning style
* Introduced the `--enable-experimental-feature` to simplify use of experimental features
* Manages RPM GPG keys during the upgrade, respectingthe  used linux distributions
* Minor fixes in reports
* Prevents a crash during post-upgrade phases when no custom SELinux modules need to be migrated
* Updated leapp upgrade data files
* Resolves: RHEL-53801, RHEL-77945, RHEL-84978

#### Vendor-Specific Changes
* Created symlinks of RHSM certs path like `prod-certs/VERSION_MAJOR -> prod-certs/VERSION_MAJOR.VERSION_MINOR`
* Excluded CentOS packages public GPG keys
* Corrected the list of leapp and leapp-repository rpms, that should be preserved during the 9to10 upgrade
* Excluded **Microsoft** Vendor from all upgrade paths
* Added **EPEL**, **Docker CE** and **PostgreSQL** Vendors for 9to10 upgrade path
```
